readme.md, before:

# 🎥 上次睇到邊？- Anime1最近觀看集數追蹤器  

依款擴展係比鐘意同時追多套番，但又唔記得自己睇到邊嘅你用。佢會**自動記錄你上次睇嘅集數同時間**，喺你重新載入嘅時候 **自動跳轉到上次離開嘅位置**，唔洗你再慢慢回憶~

## ✨ 功能特色  
✅ **自動偵測最近觀看的集數** 並儲存  
✅ **記錄剩餘播放時間**，回來時可無縫銜接  
✅ **自動標記上次觀看的集數**，方便查找  
✅ **背景自動運行**，無需手動操作  

## 🎥 Demo

<div style="display: flex; gap: 20px;">
    <div>
        <strong>主頁面</strong><br/>
        <img src="/demo/popup.png" width="300"/>
    </div>
    <div>
        <strong>提示</strong><br/>
        <img src="/demo/notification.png" width="300"/>
    </div>
</div>

<br>
<br>

**自動播放**

![](/demo/autoplay.gif)

<br>
<br>

**剩餘時間少於 1:35 時, 按暫停自動播放下一集**

![](/demo/autoplay_next_episode.gif)

## 📦 安裝教學

1. **下載擴展**  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/lkobnas/anime1-episode-tracker
   ```

2. **開啟 Chrome 開發者模式**
    - 打開 Chrome，進入 chrome://extensions/
    - 開啟 開發者模式（右上角切換按鈕）

3. **載入擴展**
        點擊 「載入未封裝擴展程式」
        選擇剛剛下載的資料夾

4. **完成！** 🎉 搞掂，重新載入就得

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

# 🎥 Anime1 Episode Tracker  

A Chrome extension that **tracks the last episode you watched** on Anime1.me and automatically seeks to the correct position when you revisit. Never lose track of your progress again!  

## ✨ Features  
✅ **Detects the last watched episode** and saves it automatically  
✅ **Remembers the remaining time** so you can resume playback seamlessly  
✅ **Highlights the last watched episode** on the page  
✅ **Works automatically in the background**  

## 📦 Installation  

1. **Clone the repository**  
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/lkobnas/anime1-episode-tracker
   ```
2. **Enable Developer Mode in Chrome**
- Open Chrome and go to chrome://extensions/
- Enable Developer Mode (toggle in the top right corner)

3. **Load the extension**
- Click "Load unpacked"
- Select the cloned folder

4. **Done!** 🎉 The extension should now be active in Chrome. Refresh.

Commit message:

Updated readme. Added download zip method

readme.md, after:

# 🎥 上次睇到邊？- Anime1最近觀看集數追蹤器  

依款擴展係比鐘意同時追多套番，但又唔記得自己睇到邊嘅你用。佢會**自動記錄你上次睇嘅集數同時間**，喺你重新載入嘅時候 **自動跳轉到上次離開嘅位置**，唔洗你再慢慢回憶~

## ✨ 功能特色  
✅ **自動偵測最近觀看的集數** 並儲存  
✅ **記錄剩餘播放時間**，回來時可無縫銜接  
✅ **自動標記上次觀看的集數**，方便查找  
✅ **背景自動運行**，無需手動操作  

## 🎥 Demo

<div style="display: flex; gap: 20px;">
    <div>
        <strong>主頁面</strong><br/>
        <img src="/demo/popup.png" width="300"/>
    </div>
    <div>
        <strong>提示</strong><br/>
        <img src="/demo/notification.png" width="300"/>
    </div>
</div>

<br>
<br>

**自動播放**

![](/demo/autoplay.gif)

<br>
<br>

**剩餘時間少於 1:35 時, 按暫停自動播放下一集**

![](/demo/autoplay_next_episode.gif)

## 📦 安裝教學

1. **下載擴展** 

    **方法一：點擊[這裡下載](https://github.com/lkobnas/anime1-episode-tracker/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)並解壓**


    ***or***


    **方法二：使用 git clone**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/lkobnas/anime1-episode-tracker
   ```

2. **開啟 Chrome 開發者模式**
    - 打開 Chrome，進入 [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/)
    - 開啟 開發者模式（右上角切換按鈕）

3. **載入擴展**
        點擊 「載入未封裝擴展程式」
        選擇剛剛下載的資料夾

4. **完成！** 🎉 搞掂，重新載入就得

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

# 🎥 Anime1 Episode Tracker  

A Chrome extension that **tracks the last episode you watched** on Anime1.me and automatically seeks to the correct position when you revisit. Never lose track of your progress again!  

## ✨ Features  
✅ **Detects the last watched episode** and saves it automatically  
✅ **Remembers the remaining time** so you can resume playback seamlessly  
✅ **Highlights the last watched episode** on the page  
✅ **Works automatically in the background**  

## 📦 Installation  

1. **Download**

    **Method 1 [Click here to download](https://github.com/lkobnas/anime1-episode-tracker/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) the repository and unzip**


    ***or***


    **Method 2：Clone the repository using Git**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/lkobnas/anime1-episode-tracker
    ```
2. **Enable Developer Mode in Chrome**
- Open Chrome and go to [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/)
- Enable Developer Mode (toggle in the top right corner)

3. **Load the extension**
- Click "Load unpacked"
- Select the cloned folder

4. **Done!** 🎉 The extension should now be active in Chrome. Refresh.
